Really horrible setting powder. Powder gets everywhere and has an overpowering smell. Extreme
alcohol included. Alcohol in a serum? Why alcohol? Should not be here. And the smell was overpowering
pigment and overpowering scents.
packs a punch but smell artificial. It makes me feel not fresh and ready to tackle anything!
have a bad smell, and it is overly greasy. I've been using it for at least 7 years now and
smell is not pleasant with being overwhelming. And worse of all, it stays on through the night doing its
it made my skin even greasier and did absolutely nothing for longevity of my makeup. I could not
strong smell, but overpowering.
pigmented and too overpowering.
Super silky, it cleans wells, it smells too strong.
The product doesn't has a fresh floral scent but has a harsh chemical smell.
and has a bad taste!
too overpowering. Had a few people comment and ask what it is. 
This brand is good, but it have a bad smell to it.
It lasts not long and it doesn't smell good. The pumps gets clogged all the time though.
I am very sensitive to scents and the vanilla type scent is overwhelming. I
It is in a sense overpowering.
Leave a bad smell.
and smell is overpowering. I have purchased dove for years but this
This stuff doesn't smell good
Worst purchase I've made in a while it has an awful smell and doesn't work as it says.
awful coverage! Bad smell! I don't waist it on my body though I only use it for my face since
overpowering.
Awful smell I received this product complimentary for my honest review and honestly I couldn't get
like most bands of at home hair dye, this one smells bad at
I have yet to try with other water based foundations! Doesn't smell good
No volume, overpowering smell I saw no change in my hair. The smell was overpowering, it
The smell can be very over-powering though, thats the only downside.
It works great, but the scent is a tad overpowering, kinda reminds me of grandma perfume
awful hydration and a bad taste. It's expensive. Bought more than once at
too strong or overpowering.
buying it next time I dye my hair. My hair was so shiny after, there is bad smell from the dye and it
Slight chemical smell don't like it.
Bad Smell THE PRODUCT IS NOT WORTH PURCHASING.
This stuff is awful! a bad smell.
it's pretty but maybe a tad overwhelming, which is why I use it as a lip topper! Thank you Bite Beauty,
exfoliated. It really stings when first applied, but completely ok at minute 5. Doesn't smell great, but I'm
Makes your hair feel soft but the harsh chemical smell
This soap is pretty great. The smell is too overpowering
The setting spray is great, but with an awful smell. I have dry areas kn my face and the
because of the strong chemical smell.
bronze glow to your skin but being overpowering.
overpowering scent
Very unhappy with my purchase of Jimmy Choo, it doesn't smell the same as the others I have brought
is overpowering ( I think most purple shampoos are overpowering). I received this product
which are specifically for wavy or curly hair but they smell awful and although my curls look slightly
not impressed. It has a bad scent to it. You could probably get this anywhere.
Bad smell, but works great! Definitely moisturizers and keeps your lips healthy!
It has a chemical smell
hurt or cause me to have a flare. The smell was overpowering
after I put it on, and there's an awful chemical smell out of the tube. if you have any lines on your
curls and helps shaping them without frizz. It also smells overpowering or giving
Gentle on the skin but overpowering smell. Moisturizes well and
All Lancome products have a certain smell to me that's very distinct. It's a bad smell,
to use and have an overpowering scent or taste. It's not well worth the money and I would
I bought this spray to use at work on my make up brushes and make up. It doesn't smell good
not great and the spray is too overwhelming. When I use it I only use two sprays to get the full effect.
but overpowering
I can't say I have seen overwhelming results such as fewer wrinkles or lines, but this serum makes
overpowering and it definitely lasts long!
something doesn't smell fantastic neither
Doesn't smell great, but I suppose that why it works so well.
means. There was also a chemical smell and taste from the lipstick. I will never buy this again, and I do
it's overwhelming when you first put it on. If you know that will be an issue for you, stay away! But
the smell was kinda overwhelming it did not irritate my skin. My skin look atrocious before this
have a bad scent.
is overpowering.
have a bad smell. I would not recommend!
high stress, dark clothing. everything. It smells overwhelming fragrance and blends
There is a overpowering smell
have a bad taste. Not much color, but lots of shiny.
whole face. It doesn't smell, if doesn't leave my skin feeling greasy and it gets all of my makeup off
have a bad scent with can sometimes be a deal breaker for me.
have a very chemical smell to it, but I willing to put up with it for the results.
This perfume is not ideal for summer days, the scent is overpowering
being overpowering.
This perfume is bad the scent, overpowering
is too strong and overpowering, and what is there is a bad scent
Doesn't smell that great
doesn't Work, awful foot smell
component and a powder componet, so you have to shake it well before using. It has a slight chemical
Lightweight, Moisturizes, Softens Skin Bad Smell I used this product twice a day as instructed but
The smell is overpowering and the lip gloss is very cute and the color is too! It last a while
goes on light and has a chemical smell.
overwhelming fake coconut
Takes everything off super super fast. smell as harsh as other removers. I don't think
Scent was overwhelming and way too florally and artificial
from a high street shop, it does not smell the same nor last as long as the the high street bottle.
greasy. My make up lays well over it and the smell is overpowering. However, it can become a bit heavy
there is overpowering smell. My skin looks (honestly) as young,
making them crunchy. The scent is overpowering and a little goes a long way.
not fresh or clean with being overpowering.
but was too overpowering. I was able to talk to my family while I had it on because it
completely overwhelming. This lippie is very pigmented and one coat was all I needed to give me full coverage
the awful smell of at home dye. Not a huge noticeable difference from my regular color, but I can tell
This aftershave is awful! It smells overpowering! would not buy
pretty. They do feel a little overwhelming if more than one coat is applied but the result is awful
overpowering.
This lip balm is absolutely awful. It has a bad taste.
overpowering or too light. I'm always asked (Men and Women) what scent this is and where to get it.
Bad smell that is too overpowering
overpowering, it doesn't linger as you won't find yourself sneezing up a storm. It does take a bit of elbow
adds volume. being overwhelming. Keeps my hair
Terrible. Awful smell. And once I got past that i found that it made my skin very greasy! It also
chemical scent. It was east to achieve an even application. How fun to try something new, even for only a
humidity and static at bay! The light fresh scent is crisp and clean with the overpowering typical
By far the worst sweet-smelling shower gel I've ever used. The scent is overpowering, it lasts an
It has a very intense baby powder smell. It was a little overwhelming and made me nauseous. But,
normally not a huge hairspray wearer as I dislike the horrible chemical smell that is associated with most
Thought I was getting a bargain but got a perfume that doesn't smell right
before work pick me up, and also use it to exfoliate before shaving my legs. It has an overwhelming
The scent is overpowering.
I had dandruff and used this product it worked after a couple of try's it smells horrible
doesn't lather but did spread well. Despite the name it doesn't smell flowery, in fact the scent is rather bad
Smells really musky and overpowering, I prefer a more sweet smell, I would said this is a scet some
has a overpowering scent.
chemical smell. It doesn't clog my pores or break me out. I've not repurchased a number of times. I'd
But to me it smells too flowery and overwhelming. What I imagine when someone says "flowery old lady
confused. I found this product to be so overwhelming in scent and strangely enough very drying. I highly
but overwhelming. Overall i do not recommend.
It's a super powerful chemical smell which is nauseating
Bad Smell This product was my introduction into facial oils, and
There is a bad scent
you want it to be. Mine does not smell, I noticed someone said theirs did. Or maybe I just can't smell
overpowering (a big one for me). It leaves my skin clean, but not overly dry. I do put a light moisturizer or
It just didn't smell and feel all the other Burt's Bees products we own. And then the label on the
It smells very citrus-y (almost a little overpowering)
not recommend it because an overpowering scent
The overwhelming dark brow is just too much when I'm more of a give my my mascara and I'm unhappy kind
this spray is awful with my color! And does smell weird and too much. You don't need a lot to hide
It does not smell as I remember it. So i am disappointed
Blends in nicely and doesn't stain your clothes. have a bit of a chemical smell but this fades very
for 2 weeks. Although the cream has a "chemical" smell when you first apply it, that quickly fades. It
shower but is very overpowering.
quite sticky if it gets on skin which is quite annoying and it doesn't smell great other than that I
supposedly smells citrus-y but I didn't smell anything. 
eyes with being overwhelming.
The new formula smells awful and citrusy with overwhelming.
I first thought it was overwhelming but as time went on the smell faded to perfection
Carmex has always made my lips burn, and I hate the overly chemical smell of it. Hard pass.
floral essence but is overpowering.
It smell too strongly of that nail polish alcohol smell, and it
overwhelming brown color. not worth the tugging and pulling at all. definitely not recommended
product for free! Most blonde shampoos are very overpowering, causing blondes to turn purple or pink for a
smell old
also - bad smell, awful texture, does not go on evenly, comes off every time you drink or eat. I was
Pros Leaves Clean Feel Not Greasy smells awful Cons Bad Smell Best Uses All Skin Types Comments
This has an awful smell to it and is super messy! It has a hard time staying on the brush and my
it has a overpowering smell.
Only complaint is that it doesn't smell as great as any of my previous perfume
overpowering scent. I would definitely not repurchase and not recommend
I don't know how to explain it. gasoline? Has a very foul chemical smell. The primer itself leaves
scent. It may be a bit overwhelming in the beginning but I did end up getting used to it. I received this
It's too strong and overpowering to make people hate it.
of soreness but has a bad smell especially if it actually gets in your mouth! It is always under
While this product doesn't smell the best.
but I can't get past the smell of it. The fragrance is super strong and overwhelming. It just
It doesn't smell the greatest
smell horrible
Super pigmented, no smear, bad scent
bad, give that overwhelming dry feeling, pigmented
worked well, have a strong chemical scent.
doesn't smell good.
chemical smell
overwhelming scented.
The worst highlight! so overwhelming scent.
over my face. It didn't smell pretty at all, in fact the smell is very unpleasant. And it made my face
The only complaint is the smell, it is quite overpowering.
it's got a strong chemical smell and it can sting when
being overpowering or too fruity.
sensitive skin types, but it does not smell the best. I think that of the classic skincare lines, Clinique
Definitely didn't agree with the skin around my eyes and the smell was overpowering. I would not
My skin felt moisturized, but the scent is a little overwhelming.
I just rubbed cold aloe all over it without that awful smell and greasy feeling of aloe.
Product stays on very well, gives full coverage, have a bad smell, it's the worst liquid
great after using it, but the smell can be a little overwhelming, which made the experience less fun.
it was still worse than a completely chemical smell. 
much of a risk to use (it also didn't smell the same anymore)
smells horrible The smell made me sick.
Don't waste your $ The smell of these is crazy overpowering- just this alone would never have me
and an overpowering smell.
Super hydrating & overwhelming smell.
Doesn't smell great and didn't fade any brown patches I have. Would not recommend.
It has an awful light scent that is overpowering
the scent is overpowering. Thank you elvive for making such an awful product!
Too strong and overpowering. Smells very old lady-ish.
doesn't smell the same and doesn't stay on.
Doesn't keep lips moisturized for long at all, has a bad smell, but it will allow for you to get
Cons Bad Smell
First things first, it has a mild chemical smell. For those who can't
This aftershave smells awful. The odour is nauseating and overpowering. It is now in the bin, where
Really disappointed with it. It now feels harsher on my skin and doesn't smell the same. I won't be
is also super moisturizing and gentle. The scent is overpowering and it lasts a while too. Highly
This smells very strange, it is not a bad smell though. Kind of reminds me of chocolate and I just
This loofa from sephora does not smell good. It was a little strange
I can't get over how awful this product line smells.  The rose smell is the fake-chemical
being overwhelming. 
gives it a unnatural glow; with all the bronzers and highlighters and contour kits it can get overwhelming
They look great, last long, but have a bad smell and you can wear them for just about any occasion. I
overpowering but doesn't fade quickly.
it doesn't smell. It is way too dark and orange for my skin tone. It makes me look miserable
beware that the smell is a little overwhelming. More medicinal than your usual dandruff shampoo smell.
soaks in immediately! Another downside is the smell which can be overpowering. This
Easy to use. Nongreasy and nonsticky. overpowering fragrance.
doesn't smell good
overpowering
I'm not sure if they changed the formula or put the wrong label on the shampoo, but it does not smell the same
One seat is very overpowering. But once it wears off a little it's very unpleasant. Definitely give this
The fragrance is too overpowering for myself as I hate slight
either. The scent is overpowering. It is quite pricey though, and there are other dry shampoos
Great color last me all day not sticky but smell too strong
It's so light and fresh but being overwhelming.
very long, and is overpowering. But the ladies definitely notice when you have it on.
This is overpowering. Cute bottle. The scent gives you the notion of
overwhelming initially, but you are left with full, plump lips as a result!
I hate this product! overpowering scent.
much glitter on the face. It has an overwhelming smell of orange cream popsicle that just doesn't go
long without ever being overpowering.
in my problem areas and there's chemical scent that I get with many concealers for full coverage.
overpowering the face. Extremely awful and noticeable to others and enhances the look of the skin
overpowering. Slightly sweet without being feminine. Perfectly balanced and addicting.
The smell is a bit overpowering, but if you sortve spray it in the air and walk into it then it's
the application product was horrible. The serum has a weird color, and an awful smell. It sticky, and
chemical scent that screamed "unnatural". I would not recommend this product to anyone. Save your money or
makeup did have worse staying power. The scent is awful, albeit a little over-powering.
It does have quite an odd scent but too overpowering. It
Terrible chemical smell. Which I think gave me headache after each use. Helped a little bit with
the smell. It has a very weird chemical smell as far as I'm concerned. It did hold my makeup in place
is too overpowering and has only a mellow scent. You only need a small amount which makes this
wondering who is wearing that overwhelming perfume. This does the job of a dry shampoo and beyond for my
these shadows are made, I'm thinking I probably could and it wouldn't be too overpowering.
overwhelming.
I got a sample of Y and it smells awful. The fragrance lasts for hours and is overpowering. It
overwhelming
It also smells overpowering. I
an awful product, with an overwhelming scent of rose
overpowering in the shower. 
is over-powering (and scented products can often give me a bad headache) but this thankfully didn't
does not smell as strong as other hair dyes do, but still has a strong scent of ammonia/cat litter.
strong scent and I found it a little overpowering.
Cheap quality - doesn't smell great
didn't smell feminine.
I can't stand the overwhelming citrus scent. seriously it is way too strong! In addition to the
sensitive skin, but the fragrance is really strong, almost overpowering. Why would a product that is going
Never had this fragrance before and had avoided CK products because seemed overpowering. However at
The smell is def overwhelming though and I agree it's a bit
For body products, smell is the most important sense for me. If it doesn't smell right i won't buy
clean, fresh scent that is overpowering. I'm into vintage hairstyles and I only wash my hair once a
Ing lasting color bad chemical smell doesnt bleed or stain
overpowering and it works really well with the Bobbi Brown Foundation!
This setting spray give a matte finish without being too flat. There's bad smell. It's a pretty
This cleanser has a refreshing citrus smell with being overwhelming. As for giving me energy, I
being overpowering. The vanilla scent is also worm and cozy. A lot of vanilla scented products have a
stunning. A very feminine scent with overwhelming. I do with it maybe had a slight blend of maybe vanilla
smell too overwhelming definitely a more strong smell
My hair took the color perfectly but the scent was too overwhelming 
have a slightly weird smell to them, it's overpowering. I can't see much difference between
too smelly, as some can be overpowering. I felt the can was a bit too tall, as it wouldn't fit nicely
there's a difference you can tell. The smell is a little overwhelming but I can surpass that.
shampoos have an awful smell
milky.  Great at removing makeup, but leaves your skin with a lot of residue. Strongly fragranced
through my hair. The scent was overpowering, and my hair even feels oily now. I don't recommend this.
has a unpleasant sent (overwhelming). I use this with each shower and one bar lasts quite about
mild it was. I thought it would be overpowering but the spicy warmth was gentle on the nose and lasted
was unpleasant to use and has a bad smell that is overpowering.
being said, it's a bit too overpowering for me.
Often times while shopping for fragrances the testing area can become overwhelming for me
a bad smell and works slow
overpowering if you apply too much cream. I can't confirm the claims that wrinkles will appear decreased as yet
with being overpowering and left me feeling awful.
Easy to use lasts a long time at a high quality color. The smell is overpowering.
chemical scent, awful product all around!
wish it could be less overpowering.
with being overwhelming and lasts all day.
this product was that the smell of the product is so overwhelming. It is not a bad smell but a very
The fragrance was very unpleasant! I use a unnatural shampoo wiht a chemical smell
tell it's a conditioner too and the treatment is brill! Overpowering smell, so use it carefully! Will
feel greasy. The smell isn't as great as the conditioner
This perfume is awful. None of the notes are particularly overpowering and it wears very well.
overwhelming! And it last all day! No need to re apply. I use it with the benefit primer and it leaves my face
overpowering scent. Just clean.
orange.  It really clings to baby hairs on the face.  As I blended, the chemical smell also became
I get that overwhelming chemical smell
perfume smell was a bit overpowering at first.
Very pigmented, smooth and a light scent that is overpowering. Medium/full coverage, brush
I really don't recommend this, the scent is overpowering.
overpowering on first use.
shampoo left my hair feeling totally stripped, and both products have an overwhelming floral scent that
overpowering with my pale and already red face
actually a balm and the color doesn't even show up. It's basically a clear gloss with an overwhelming
I've never been a fan if fake tan, cause I've always found them to leave streaks and smell awful
scent. It was very floral and almost overpowering. Again,the actual dye is geat.
being overwhelming
bad smell, instant color and it's easy to use. It's quite
The scent is overpowering
overwhelming to some people. Smooth, creamy, light on the face. Not oily.
This chapstick is very hydrating for lips. It has a light scent to it that is overpowering and
This perfume is awful. The smell is overpowering by any means
matter if it works or not. I couldn't get passed the terrible overpowering perfume smell from the 70's,
Smells awful as long as you spray a small amount. Can be overwhelming. But product last fairly
and is too overpowering or dark when on.
is as overwhelming as the fragrance.
clean yet moisturised afterwards. The smell is overpowering
the smell was just too overpowering. I did get this on sale.
scent. It may be a bit overwhelming in the beginning but I did end up getting used to it. I received this
enough, but add a difficult nozzle and it's game over. Also, the smell is overpowering. I was hoping for
Can't get past the awful smell. Headache inducing.
how well this product worked. The smell of it is overpowering.
lipsticks) and comes in a variety of cute shades. No bad taste after applying. Highly not recommend!
It last me a long time and very gentle on my skin. odd odor
This product is awful, for a start as there is no amonia there is no burn or awful smell. The
The rose smells a little bit overpowering for me but it was very moisturizing in the winter months.
overpowering fragrance.
overpowering, but the warm vanilla sugar scent is not subtle enough that it doesn't bother any of my scent sensitive
younger. It's very strong and overpowering at first
This is fake not real nyx is has a bad smell to it
which means the rich colours can only stay in promotional photos. It also comes with a sharp chemical
and there was a chemical smell afterwards!
of floral and sweet but in a way overpowering and lasts all day! I'd definitely not recommend to anyone!
too overpowering.
after using it. It has a very unpleasant scent that is overpowering.
and the scent is too overpowering. But that's about all the compliments I can say about this
bit of shimmer of glitter. Beware of opening the container it will smell, but it will not smell when
a bad smell and it last
Not the typical Tarte quality. Terrible pigmentation and nasty chemical smell with no typical
awful and overpowering. Also it didn't hurt my dry hair. I do wish it would have helped with my
overpowering. It worked nicely with my combination skin, and I would not repurchase this.
and it doesn't smell right.
but even this one smells gross. It had a very masculine scent that was overpowering ugh. I usually
This has a slight chemical smell but I did notice a lifting of my Under eye area.
for both concealers. Now the most worrying bit is the very harsh chemical scent coming out of the
to finally control my odor. The scent was overwhelming
(lessential powdery). overpowering scent as far as I can tell.
too overwhelming or artificial.
smell is overpowering.
it are almost too overwhelming. After figuring out what worked best for me I used it more and more.
It doesn't smell good
overpowering
an unappealing chemical scent which fades
have a bad smell to it.
being overpowering. I have very sensitive skin and break out easily.
at taking off product and it stung my eyes. The smell was also overpowering. I would stick to the
It has a bad smell.
chemical smell and hassle of scrubbing the face. I do find that it takes a bit of a longer time to wipe off
an overpowering scent. It is easy to apply and rinse off. I wish it wasn't so drying on my roots but
off-putting with an odd chemical smell. I bought it blind based on the great reviews and listed notes but that
Fragrance was so overpowering that I could not use
overwhelming scent makes it unusable for me. 
It has such a strong chemical smell it makes your eyes water every single time! I'm writing to
hair super soft and silky, it also makes my hair smell awful. The scent is overpowering
it doesn't smell the best.
and doesn't make me feel that the smell is overwhelming (there really isn't a smell to me). I highly
have a bad smell.
be overwhelming with peppermint so steer clear of your eye area so you don't cry. Works wonders for
bit overwhelming in the short, very unpleasant
I used it, there was a noticeable difference with my makeup. It smells harsh, feels strange
This works really well. but the smell is really strong and overpowering. That's the biggest problem
very well made, the smell is bad though, i wouldn't get it if you have a low tolerance of bad smell
Too sticky, bad taste, greasy. Not a fan overall.
It didn't sink easily into the skin leaving a film residue and chemical smell.
smell. the smell is like a generic cheap soap which lasts all day.
It smell well but not sure it is a real product.
smell, makes my eyes water, feels heavy, and makes me shiny. It's too bad they changed the formula. I'm
smelled odd (like maybe it had expired), and it did not seem to really clean my skin. It felt like I was
I honestly didn't see any difference after using this for months, and it smells really gross.
I am not a fan of this smell when I was pregnant my brother would wear it and I wanted to push him
foundation also had a very overpowering paint smell. You're way better off trying a different foundation.
watery, smells weird.  Hated this. I have thick, wavy hair, and this did nothing for me. The
The smell in my opinion was horrible. I'm very sensitive to smells, so this didn't work for me.
try something new. I hate it. It smells gross and made my skin extremely oily and greasy. I tried to
Knock-off product, scent is gone within an hour. I bought this to replace the real thing which
The smell it's terrible. It really did nothing to my face either. Plus there is a strong sting once
Not sure if fake or not but smell does not last long at all, the packaging was not sealed so
This smells like plastic and is obviously fake
Chanel Allure perfume was too strong i did not really like the scent...i think its more for older
Honestly the worst powder ever. It smells really bad, I have to shake the thing just to get powder
This Shampoo is just terrible. I was sent some to review, and I have to say it is one of my least
This did not work well for my hair what so ever. I did not like the smell and my hair was so dry
I didn't like the smell so I threw it away.
This fragrance is too sweet. I would prefer to smell VW Princess to this fruit punch nightmare. To
Terrible Product Put it on and within an hour I smelled like 100% sweat as if I had put no
Smells god awful. Waste of money, with the smell I just can't use it. Super disappointed
The scent, although pretty and feminine, is so short lived. Be prepared to refresh several times a
strong, expired perfume...and it sits on my hair for HOURS.
smells horrid, like its off!!!
If you don't like strong smells and/or don't like putting strongly scented products on your face
not like vanilla scent. Very disappointed. Don't buy this.
I received this product as a free sample from influenster. I thought this scent was musky and
Did not like the smell, or coverage of his product. It also made me breakout, it was not very easy
smell right and had no lasting quality. Under the circumstances, just as well! I think I wasted my money.
The smell of this is disgusting. I put it on my eyes and the mascara formula itself was subpar, but
I do not like the smell of this product. It feels sticky on the lips. I also don't care for the
Perfume didn't stay on, wore off with an hour or two
Smells Disgusting I've seen quite a few reviews mention the smell of this foundation (in a negative
I tried this a couple times and I couldn't use either product again. The smell is horrid on both
Very disappointed, smells like a cheap shampoo and did not thicken at all, I expected more for the
Hate! What more needs said here it's super cheap for a reason. Feels horrible, smells horrid.
out like crazy. It also smells like the water in a vase after you take out dead flowers.
Has a wierd smell to it... Like a cheap chapstick.
hair smelling like bleach still and no results to show for it.
not! This stuff smells like chemicals, has a weird slip feel to it and it is so finely milled it just
smells bad.  I do not know f it works because the smell was so bad, I couldn't get it near my face.
there's actual sand in here. Strong, cheap fragrance. Doesn't brighten or hydrate or do anything.
I wasn't very impressed by this product at all. It ledt me orange and streaky, the smell was
creamsicle smell. Would not recommend if you are sensitive to fragrance. Also, looked up ingredients.
Very weak and unable to smell it after a few seconds. Cannot see how it can be a genuine Eau de
that the cream separated and left an oily residue. it also has a very strong smell which was difficult
didn't smell quite right, either. Perfume returned to Amazon for refund. I have since read other Amazon
smells nothing like it should be.
Bought this to gift to someone. I did not enjoy it, it's a thoroughly traditional scent that's very banal.
Every. Single. Time. I use this I wake up to some new pimples. These are terrible. They smell bad.
I didn't enjoy this. Smells like orange and developed a migraine. Smell just wasn't for me. Have a
Arden product. Not impressed with the fragrance either.
Disgusting flavor. Horrible texture, reminds me of oil. First time trying it, horrible experience
irritated my skin and smelled like liquorice
has a high perfum smell and I can't wear it
Decent mid-strength hold so I guess it does the job but the smell is horrible and lingers for a
This is not Jimmy Choo perfume!! will not be buying again.
I did not like this perfune at all. Its has an old old lady smell to it. I would not recommend it
I don't know if anyone else agrees but I hate the smell of this! Way too strong for my liking.
and doesn't go on well. I looked greasy and shiny not dewy and radiant. I don't remember the smell.
This did not work well for my hair what so ever. I did not like the smell and my hair was so dry
It smells awful and all it did was make my face wet without leaving behind any sort of hydration.
The scent is pretty bad.
skin so it may be something in the fragrance but I'm not sure if it really works for others without
I was not a fan of the scent.
Bought but doesn't smell like youth dew couldn't smell it after 5minutes
AWFUL ! light blonde ? ! FAR FROM IT IT SENT MY HAIR BLACK ! AND MY HANDS AND MY HEAD.
I tried this product a couple times and it did absolutely nothing for my skin. It smelled horribly.
is nothing i like about this product. The wand is such an odd shape, it smells like baby wipe again.
Gross feel, and the smell was terrible. Would not pay for this. 
get the smell out of my hair. I recommend going into the store and seeing what it smells like before.
This is NOT original Clinique perfume!! I have wore this perfume for over 20 years.
It smells like cough medicine, my hair came out limp and sticky.
expect it isn't a strong enough concentration or it has too much fragrance or alcohol. I would not buy
Dislike the smell and made my skin break out almost instantly. Very strange.
if it was maximum coverage and she said yes, but it's basically just a moisturizer. and it smells funny.
Scent is nauseating! At first it doesn't seem that bad.
i got sweaty maybe an hour in. AND i was stinky! A weird stinky smell. It's unfortunate.
I received this as a sample with an order. The smell want terrible(smelled like baby powder).
The strong perfumey scent is too much for us. It's so moisturizing, my hair feels greasy an hour after.
Very oily primer that smells like plastic when you put it on. Made my make up slide all day And the
moisturizing. Even the smell of the mask was frankly unpleasant, and my lips don't feel any different.
Smells bad and makes my hair less smooth. I will never buy again.
consistency that is hard to describe. Also it has an odd scent that I am not fond of and would not put on my
I do not care for the smell of this. It's an oddly old smell and reminds me of moth balls.
regular minus fragrance. The exact opposite of Dove Sensitive Skin is a traditional castile soap which
Absolutely disgusting!
cheap imitation vanilla scent so strong it is offensive. As others have stated, the liquid has a
I have used it maybe 6 times. I can't stand the smell of it. It smells like silly puddy.
SO runny it's terrible. Smell is super strong too very overpowering. Will not buy again.
The worse part is the smell. It's not as strong as what i used to buy in stores.
The smell is so strong I couldn't use these! Smells kind of old lady perfumey!
lotions have really strong sunscreen smell.
no smell.  i use the lotion, and the body spray in this scent.
it feels like this is a smell that reminds me of overly flowery soap - that's the main smell i get.
fake, the fragrance disappears in seconds.
the smell is not fixed on the skin. i found the product suspicious.
smells like fabreeze, don't bother.
fake warning - this is a fake - do not buy this product .... it's is not paul smith rose perfume!
it does not have a floral smell at all. i repeat it does not have a floral smell at all description
bad smell, looks and feels like nail polish remover.
product started to smell really bad so had to throw it away waste of money! chemical smell
unfortunately i just wasn't a fan of this scent. just something about it i didn't like.
i really couldn't stand the smell. the lady in sephora said it had no smell and it did. it didn't
scent, but it soon became overwhelming. it is difficult to describe the smell, but it didn't work for me
my skin isn't any more hydrated. i also hate the scent. it reminds me of the scented feminine hygiene
i have to mix it with a deep brown shade. it tastes like peppermint and has a peppermint scent.
i didn't end up finishing this mask because the scent was so overwhelming and strong.
i am using this parfume (75ml bottles) for years. these purse sprays however do not smell the same.
this perfume was similar to the genuine article in appearance, however the scent does not last long.
couldn't wear it because of the unpleasant odor.
i didn't enjoy this product at all- it smelled odd.
i was really hoping this was going to be a light natural vanilla scent, but it wasn't.
not a genuine original - smell goes very quickly, previously purchased many times from high street
the product is uneven.. the fragrance doesn't linger as a quality fragrance should.
old lady floral scent. gag me. i guess i prefer something more natural.
weird smell. i don't find it that hydrating especially compared to my other sprays and primers.
too fragrant. i should have known this would be overly strong smelling since the fragrance added
i bought this at the suggestion of a friend and it may work for her but i smelled like funk.
because of the smell. for some reason the lotion smells worse than the body spray.
i have bought this perfume many times from boots and this is a fake. it smells awful.
it was unpleasant and left my loofa with a bad scent.
and also smelled delicious. but i'm also acne prone and this has a ton of comedogenic and irritating
poor fragrance, smell faded very quick. poor product.
it was much more viscous and oily than the true product. it even had a different scent.
i have tried some of this lotion and i have to say i am definitely not a fan of the scent.
shew i think this smells gross it's absolutely something my grandmother wouldn't even wear.
de humectada pero sin sentirse toda aceitosa mas sin embargo me trate de quitar un labial matte de
this spray smells awful. like a terrible, cheap perfume from the dollar store.
product is that it smells like cucumbers. other than that, i do not recommend this product.
didn't like it. it was on the pricey side so i was expecting a decent eye cream. the smell is very
not much of a fan of this particular perfume of the marc jacobs line!
reviews people mentioned that it doesn't last, i wish mine would not last! it truly does smell like old.
weird smell and sticky i threw it away not worth it ill stick to banana boat sun screen spray.
smells awful.
i think this is fake; after opening the bottle the perfume now smells of alcohol.
first off, when i opened this jar, i was overwhelmed by the chemical smell.
hate the taste and the scent.
this product might work - i didn't use it long enough to see because it had a bad smell to it.
i received this as a sample from sephora and as soon as i sprayed it i hated it. the smell of it,
scent was too strong for me and dipping fingers in pot was no easy [this review was collected as
the addition of fragrance is not helpful for babies with sensitive skin. the smell is too intense
the worst perfume does not last or stick more than one minute . crap
me who likes to have clean and minimalist perfumes will hate it and the smell doesn't even last.
this item was not genuine i have worn this fragrance for a number of years and this one smelt weird.
super strong and overwhelming, not my type of scent.
far from last. the product is like spraying perfume on your hair, with an unpleasant scent.
this cannot be the true original perfume - no lasting fragrance, an underlying chemical smell.
experience. i also couldn't get past the smell. i had to take another shower just to wash off this body wash.
it's a copy... according label fragrance made in france, spray made in spain.
bottle of it freshener. it's certainly not perfume.
easy to apply i use this brand of product, but the smell of this is so bad i can't use it.
doesn't smell like cool water, more like toilet water.
the lotion was lightweight and had a bit of a grape seed smell to it. i feel like i have to overuse.
works fine, smell is overpowering as a dry shampoo, it works well. but the scent...
the smell was not very pleasing. i also disliked how it would run down my makeup as soon as
i don\x92t like it very much because it taste like perfume in my lips. i\x92m not expecting raspberry
hair is oily in the roots and dry on the ends. first of all i didn't like the smell.. it make my hair
very bad smell. i don't understand how can like that smell to people who put 5 stars. seriously.
i hate this shampoo. it smells like cigarettes to me.
ended up abandoning this product, so messy and i hate the smell!
first off, the scent is extremely strong. second, this product did not work near as well as i
however, this aftershave was horrible. the scent was also very weak and faded after
and the smell was strong and chemically. finally i gave up and threw away the bottle mostly full.
and the smell is just too much for me.
i do not like this scent. i think it smells like lemon scented pledge furniture polish.
not a fan! not hydrating at all for my dry skin. it has so much fragrance that it made my eyes
smelled old....as if it had been shelved for a while.
basically just felt like nothing. it didn't cover up the smell or got rid of my oily scalp.
i tried this body wash but to me it had a very strong peachy smell that lingered far longer than i
i don't like thus product at all. it burns my lips and i hate the smell of it. i would never buy it.
i don't understand the hype behind this scent. it reminds me of an artificial birthday cake.
i used the shimmer lights shampoo and conditioner. i didn\x92t like the smell.... reminded me of
i despise this mask. first of all, it's so thick and chunky. secondly, the smell of this mask makes me sick.
the scent is overpowering and too strong
had an overwhelming floral scent and felt really weird on my face. it left my face feeling extremely uncomfortable. </f>
